Update DeveloperGuide.md for V1.1 (#36)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Product scope

> **Target user profile**: Duke The Market aims to help marketers of department stores to manage customer profiles and keep track of target customers in market plan rollouts.

Reviewer: Maybe this phrasing might be clearer
```suggestion
**Target user profile**: Duke The Market aims to help marketers of department stores manage customer profiles and keep track of target customers during marketing plan rollouts.
```

> * has a need to manage a significant number of customer contacts

Reviewer 2: Perhaps say "needs" instead of "has a need" to match the 2nd and 3rd last bullet point?

```suggestion
* needs to manage a significant number of customer contacts
```

> * prefer desktop apps over other types

Reviewer 2: Small grammar suggestion

```suggestion
* prefers desktop apps over other types
```

* can type fast
* prefers typing to mouse interactions
* is reasonably comfortable using CLI apps
* needs to oversee many marketing events
* needs to track customer activity in own department store

> * has a need to generate statistics based of customer data

Reviewer 2: Same as above

```suggestion
* needs to generate statistics based of customer data
```

> **Value proposition**: A one stop marketing tool that allows department stores to manage and organize their customer contacts for usage in the company’s various marketing plans

Reviewer 2: I think "one-stop" should have a hyphen

```suggestion
**Value proposition**: A one-stop marketing tool that allows department stores to manage and organize their customer contacts for usage in the company’s various marketing plans
```

| `* * *`  | frequent user                                        | update new data immediately                                                        | I can exit and enter the product freely                                                                       |
| `* * *`  | frequent user                                        | enter and exit the product in a short amount of time                               | use the product on the fly                                                                                    |
| `* * *`  | marketer                                             | add a new customer contact                                                         | keep track of all customers and enlarge the customer base over time                                           |
| `* * *`  | marketer                                             | delete a customer contact                                                          | remove entries that I no longer need                                                                          |

> | `* * *`  | marketer                                             | find a customer contact by name                                                    | locate details of persons without having to go through the entire list                                        |

Reviewer: Could standardise by sticking to customer instead of persons
```suggestion
| `* * *`  | marketer                                             | find a customer contact by name                                                    | locate details of a customer without having to go through the entire list                                        |
```

> | `*`      | marketer                                             | hide private customer contact details                                              | minimize chance of someone else seeing them by accident                                                       |

Reviewer 2: Do you think we should remove this user story since we don't plan to add this feature? I'm not sure why they listed it as an AB3 feature when it doesn't exist.

Author: Yup that is a good point. I left it in as I was unsure of what to do with it as well and felt it was irrelevant to the goal of our product. Let me make a new commit update for this one.

Author: The changes have been made in commit 04bdef40fc5ecff2f4341399b332d6bd2115d505.

> | `* * *`  | pre-event marketer                                   | view all the upcoming marketing events in the system sorted in chronological order | have a high level overview of the frequency of the marketing events and be mentally prepared for each of them |

Reviewer: Feel that sorting the events may not be trivial and so we could keep that for next iteration, and display events in the order that they were added into the system and hence the order they are saved to our json file etc?
```suggestion
| `* * *`  | pre-event marketer                                   | view all the upcoming marketing events in the system in the order that they were added into the system | have a high level overview of the all marketing events taking place and be mentally prepared for each of them |
```

> | `* * *`  | pre-event marketer who handles many marketing events | add marketing events                                                               | keep the marketing system up to date with changes that happen to the marketing plans                          |

Reviewer 2: Small change to be consistent with the previous story's centre column which mentions "the system".

```suggestion
| `* * *`  | pre-event marketer who handles many marketing events | add marketing events                                                               | keep the system up to date with changes that happen to the marketing plans                          |
```

| `* * *`  | pre-event marketer who handles many marketing events | delete marketing events                                                            | remove marketing events that I no longer need                                                                 |

> | `* *`    | marketer with many customer contacts                 | sort all customer contacts by name, date of birth and gender                       | locate people more easily and obtain contact lists of different demographic groups                            |

Reviewer: I think 'or' which suggest that only one field can be chosen when sorting might be better than 'and' which may suggest that we could sort by multiple fields at a go
```suggestion
| `* *`    | marketer with many customer contacts                 | sort all customer contacts by name, date of birth or gender                       | locate people more easily and obtain contact lists of different demographic groups                            |
```

*{More to be added}*

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, **UC** is the `Use Case`, the **System** is `Duke The Market` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**UC01: Delete a person**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list persons
2. Duke The Market shows a list of persons
3. User requests to delete a specific person in the list
4. Duke The Market deletes the person

   Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a.  The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a.  The given index is invalid.

    * 3a1. Duke The Market shows an error message

      Use case resumes at step 2.

**UC02: Add a person**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to add a person of specific name, phone number, email, address, gender and date of birth
2.  Duke The Market adds the person

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. User enters data in an invalid format.

    * 1a1. Duke The Market requests for the correct data
    * 1a2. User enters new data

  Steps 1a1-1a2 are repeated until the data entered is correct

  Use case resumes at step 2.

* 1b. User enters data for an individual who already exists in the database.

>     * 1b1. Duke The Market returns error: informs User of duplicate person

Reviewer 2: I think this is a typo?

```suggestion
    * 1b1. Duke The Market shows an error message that the user is a duplicate person
```

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is invalid.
    * 3a1. Duke The Market shows an error message.

      Use case resumes at step 3.

**UC04: Export email addresses of customers to a file**

**MSS**
1.  User requests to export to a specified file the email address of customers who attended a specific event.
2.  Duke The Market exports the customers’ email addresses to the specified file

    Use case ends.

**UC05: Retrieve customers who may be interested in an upcoming event**

**MSS**
1. User requests to list events
2. Duke The Market shows a list of events
3. User requests to show customers who may be interested in an upcoming event in the list
4. Duke The Market shows the customers who may be interested in that upcoming event

> 5. User requests to export the customers' email addresses to a specified file (UC04)

Reviewer 2: I think step 5 should be an extension as written in the google docs? Or do you want it to be part of the MSS?

Also I believe the notation to show inclusion is to underline the included use case. (use `<ins>`text`</ins>` to underline)

```suggestion
5. User requests to <ins>export the customers' email addresses to a specified file (UC04)</ins>
```

Author: Ah yes, my bad!

   Use case ends.

*{More to be added}*

### Non-Functional Requirements

1. Should work on any mainstream OS as long as it has Java 11 or above installed.

> 2. App should not require installation to work, i.e. it is portable

Reviewer: Perhaps, putting i.e. in brackets might be more consistent with the other lines 
```suggestion
2. App should not require installation to work (i.e. it is portable)
```

3. App should work well for standard screen resolutions 1920x1080 and higher, as well as for screen scales 100% and 125%.

> 4. App should be usable (i.e., all functions can be used even if the user experience is not optimal) for resolutions 1280x720 and higher, as well as for screen scales 150%.

Reviewer: Seems like there's an extra comma
```suggestion
4. App should be usable (i.e. all functions can be used even if the user experience is not optimal) for resolutions 1280x720 and higher, as well as for screen scales 150%.
```

5. Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons and 200 events without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
6. A user with above average typing speed for regular English text (i.e. not code, not system admin commands) should be able to accomplish most of the tasks faster using commands than using the mouse.
7. The system should respond within 5 seconds.
8. Data should be stored locally in a human editable text file.
9. Data should not be stored using an external database management system (DBMS)
10. File size of the data should not exceed 1GB (should be stored in a space saving manner)

> 11. App should be an executable (Double clicked or can be run using the “java -jar” command).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps format `java -jar` as code since it's a command?

```suggestion
11. App should be an executable (Double clicked or can be run using the `java -jar` command).
```
